README.md, before:

# Challenges and Assignments from a Python Bootcamp Student

Click to see the code in action 👉 [LIVE DEMO](https://armincano.github.io/fullstack-python-web-dev/) 👀

## Module 02: Front-end 101

![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)

### HTML

- [Adding HTML elements](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/index.html)
- [CV](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/cv.html)
- [Biography webpage](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/leonardo-da-vinci.html)
- [Book medical appointment](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/book-medical-appointment/form-reserva-hora-medica.html)
- [Content sectioning semantics](./m2-front-end-101/s2-html-semantics/index.html)

### CSS + Responsive Design & Mobile First

- [Users Manual for Kid Pix. Responsive & Mobile first design](./m2-front-end-101/s4-responsive-and-mobile-first/mobile-first-kid-pix-users-manual/index.html)
- [Cats gallery. Responsive design using flexbox and media queries](./m2-front-end-101/s4-responsive-and-mobile-first/responsive-img-gallery/index.html)

### Bootstrap

- [Airline - Buy a flight](./m2-front-end-101/s5-s6-bootstrap/airline-promo-and-form/airline-promo-and-form.html)
- [Form component](./m2-front-end-101/s5-s6-bootstrap/form/form.html)
- [Cards and Navbar components](./m2-front-end-101/s5-s6-bootstrap/navbar-cards/navbar-cards.html)

### JavaScript

-[Compare numbers](./m2-front-end-101/s7-s8-javascript/browser-console/compare-numbers.html)

Commit message:

feat: add conditional prompts menu

README.md, after:

# Challenges and Assignments from a Python Bootcamp Student

Click to see the code in action 👉 [LIVE DEMO](https://armincano.github.io/fullstack-python-web-dev/) 👀

## Module 02: Front-end 101

![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![JavaScrip Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)

### HTML

- [Adding HTML elements](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/index.html)
- [CV](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/cv.html)
- [Biography webpage](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/leonardo-da-vinci.html)
- [Book medical appointment](./m2-front-end-101/s1-html-elements/book-medical-appointment/form-reserva-hora-medica.html)
- [Content sectioning semantics](./m2-front-end-101/s2-html-semantics/index.html)

### CSS + Responsive Design & Mobile First

- [Users Manual for Kid Pix. Responsive & Mobile first design](./m2-front-end-101/s4-responsive-and-mobile-first/mobile-first-kid-pix-users-manual/index.html)
- [Cats gallery. Responsive design using flexbox and media queries](./m2-front-end-101/s4-responsive-and-mobile-first/responsive-img-gallery/index.html)

### Bootstrap

- [Airline - Buy a flight](./m2-front-end-101/s5-s6-bootstrap/airline-promo-and-form/airline-promo-and-form.html)
- [Form component](./m2-front-end-101/s5-s6-bootstrap/form/form.html)
- [Cards and Navbar components](./m2-front-end-101/s5-s6-bootstrap/navbar-cards/navbar-cards.html)

### JavaScript

- [Send doubts and navigate for a menu](./m2-front-end-101/s7-s8-javascript/browser-console/conditional-prompt/conditional-prompt.html)
- [Calculate the total, VAT and discount](./m2-front-end-101/s7-s8-javascript/browser-console/calc-total-and-vat-and-discount/calc-total-and-vat-and-discount.html)
- [Compare numbers](./m2-front-end-101/s7-s8-javascript/browser-console/compare-numbers.html)
